# Farm Management Information System

Odoo Farm is a complete digital platform for smart farming. Verticalization of Odoo for farms and agroindustries. ThingsBoard IoT platform empowers agricultural stakeholders with a robust, scalable solution to collect, process, and visualize environmental and operational data. Grazing Manager is a map-based seasonal planning tool. GrowGood is a free, open-source project, building a platform. SIMANFOR is a decision support tool that allows the simulation of forest management alternatives. The Agriculture Domain of ERPNext comes with features to record crops and land, track plant, soil, water, weather analytics, and even track diseases and fertilizers. { farm-twin } is a Digital Twin designed to provide a functional digital replica of an operational agricultural farm. Rancher is an open source container management platform. FarmVibes.AI Multi-Modal GeoSpatial ML Models for Agriculture. LiteFarm is a farm management tool. farmOS is a web-based application for farm management, planning, and record keeping. AgML is a centralized framework for agricultural machine learning. FarmBot's web based user interface, a RESTful JSON API, and a Dockerized MQTT server. Tania is a management software. Ekylibre is a farm management information system (aka FMIS) web application. Slick is an R package designed for visualizing and exploring results of a Management Strategy Evaluation (MSE). Warehouse Worker is the autonomous robot for smart warehouses. A Modelica library for simulation of recirculating aquaculture systems. Farm Data Relay System is an easy way to communicate with remote IoT devices. TOTVS Java Framework Samples. The Weather Service API is designed to deliver weather forecasts alongside with critical agricultural indicators. Odoo Warehouse Management Addons. Migrate your Odoo database to ERPNext. PeachPie PHP. orleans is a cloud Native application framework for .NET. Agriculture data interoperability toolkit for .Net 

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

 